[DOCS] Clarify copy_to behavior with strict dynamic mappings (#111408)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/mapping/params/copy-to.asciidoc

`field_1` to `field_2` and `copy_to` on `field_2` to `field_3` expecting 
indexing into `field_1` will eventuate in `field_3`, instead use copy_to 

> directly to multiple fields from the originating field.

Reviewer: while you're here, this sentence makes zero sense

Author: rejigged

> NOTE: `copy_to` is _not_ supported for field types where values take the form of objects, e.g. `date_range`

Reviewer: suggest skipping the italics

```suggestion
NOTE: `copy_to` is not supported for field types where values take the form of objects, e.g. `date_range`.
```

[float]
[[copy-to-dynamic-mapping]]
==== Dynamic mapping

> Here are some important points to consider when using `copy_to` with dynamic mappings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following points when using `copy_to` with dynamic mappings:
```

* If the target field does not exist in the index mappings, the usual
<<dynamic-mapping,dynamic mapping>> behavior applies. By default, with
<<dynamic,`dynamic`>> set to `true`, a non-existent target field will be
dynamically added to the index mappings.
* If `dynamic` is set to `false`, the
target field will not be added to the index mappings, and the value will not be
copied.
* If `dynamic` is set to `strict`, copying to a non-existent field will
result in an error.
+

> ** `copy_to` fields must specify the full path if the target field is _nested_.

Reviewer: again, preference is no italics. would also swap this around to make people spot `nested` first

```suggestion
**  If the target field is nested, then `copy_to` fields must specify the full path to the nested field.
```
